Who Discovered Penicillin? (Give the first and last names)
What do you call someone who is both a cat person and a dog person? (8 letters, starts with B)
Who's gayer: Jackson or Jaycob?
How many blocks can water flow on a flat surface Minecraft?
1 + 1 =
In order to pass this quiz, you need to admit that Jackson Fox is better than you in every way, shape, and form. It is also necessary that you admit he is the most powerful being in all of existence (past, present, and future). You can do this by typing in the answer box: 'I admit that Jackson Fox is better than me in every way, shape, and form. Also, I agree that Jackson Fox is the most powerful being in all of existence (past, present, and future).'
Is Jerusalem East of the equator, or West?
In order to continue with this quiz, you must agree to render your answer to the question 2 questions ago null and void. By agreeing to this, you admit that Jackson W. Fox is not the best person that ever lived. To continue, type "I Agree" into the chat
Jaycob's Dolphin's Name is? (Hint: it has an apostrophe)
Which Jaycob picture is the best? (2 words)
What is the second biggest country in Europe?
What is the biggest country on earth according to total water surface area?
What food has one of the highest calorie to mass ratio? (Disclaimer: this might not actually have the highest caloric density, but it's up there)
To continue this quiz, you must agree to the following by typing 'I Agree': The United States of America is the best country to ever exist, and will continue to thrive forever.
Is the answer to this question, "No"?
What was the meaning of the name of the first animal humans sent to space?
FOR THE REPUBLIC!!!!!
Name a popular song in the US from 2012 whose title starts with 'G', and is two words long.
The Seattle Space Needle can withstand up to what speed of wind (in miles per hour)?
What war resulted in the most U.S. citizens deaths in history? (Hint: the name differs between sides)
What is the name of the musical interval between the second and third notes of the ending theme to Fate Grand Order Learning Anime (アニメ「マンガでわかる!Fate/Grand Order」)
What is the only country which does not have a rectangular flag?
In what country are VIKING BLADEs, a product of Vullian Group made?
As of January 4th of 1836 how many countries in North America above Mexico's Southern border were there? Give the number of countries, followed by a comma and space. Then name each of these countries by their modern-day names in alphabetical order, each separated by a comma followed by a space.
How many countries are directly north of the South Pole?
Using python 3.7, what will the following code output into stdout? 'print(" ".join([str(i)*j for j in range(3) for i in range(10)]))'
As of 2019, how many Olympic Games have there been, not counting The Winter Olympics.
Question:
Bats, some birds, whales, shrews, tenrecs, and hedgehogs are all known to be able to echolocate. What is the only other animal species that has the ability to echolocate?
How many continents have Hispanics?
Welcome to the official Quiz of Yeah(™)! Type 'start' to continue.
Who Discovered Penicillin? (Give the first and last names)
What do you call someone who used to be a cat person, but is now a dog person?
What FGO servant is unfuckable?
Name the #1 contender to become a servant in FGO
Dan, you're in 
What is the powerhouse of the cell?
What is the classification of neutral countries in the Cold War?
Given a general problem which requires knowledge of some previous state (i.e. memory), what type of neural network is best used?
Congratulations, you've reached the first checkpoint! To restart from here, type the following at any point: 'OBOhcX8B3ruzfvOwFdgQ'